### Attendees:

* plh
* Alois Reitbauer
* SergeyKanzhelev


## Trace-Context Spec Cleanup

No update from Nik this week. 

## Privacy Work

Provided overview and they are overall happy with our privacy section. The meeting can be found [here](https://github.com/w3c/distributed-tracing-wg/blob/master/meeting_notes/2018-11-29.md) Some issues were created out of it:

*  #209 
* For browsers we will need to define privacy and cross-origin calls
* Define why to start a trace in the browser and not on the server side. 

## IETF Dictionary 

## Oasis
