# Meeting minutes 2019-02-26

## Attendees

* plh
* Sergey Kanzhelev
* Isobel Redelmeier
* Matthew Wear
* Yuri Shkuro
* Victor Soares
* Alois Reitbauer

## General

Alois asks to not cover topics within a PR that doesn't touch content related to
those topics but just contains related files.

### [PR trace-context/259](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/pull/259)

This PR is a new version that does not contain so many changes.
The processing model was removed.
Sergey assumes that the processing model is included and asks for smaller PRs.
(processing model wasn't included but the http header format section).
Sergey points out spelling errors. Alois: A few istakes were corrected but we
will have to do another round of spellcheck after this PR landed.

#### Naming

Discussion about how components participating in a trace in the one way or
the other should be named. (vendor, platform, ...).
Sergey:
1. Mentioning 'vendor' standalone without 'tracing' is wrong, hence 'tracing'
should always be added. This should always be done.
2. There should be a general unification of terms later then.
Right now it's unclear if some ambiguity is intenional - like switching between
'tracing vendor' and 'tracing tool'.
Victor proposes 'tracing solutions'.

Alois proposes that we will need to go through the whole spec.

Even a middleware can provide tracing information which is not a tool or vendor
so just 'trace participants' might be an option as well.

The same applies when mentioning 'multi-vendor scenarios' as this doesn't include
components like proxies.

#### Randomness

This was brought up again by Yuri within the PR discussion.
It was not changed within this PR.

Yuri points out that 8 byte systems and filling should not be mentioned after all.
Sergey mentions that this was vendor specific.
Yuri thinks that 8 bit systems aren't able to participate at all whne they have to
forward 16 bytes.
Will be discussed in a [separate issue](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/issues/262).

#### Trust and abuse

Yuri raised that on several other places. It does not tell much and needs to be
better explained.

#### Recorded flag

Yuri: in the past 1 was treated as 'maybe'.
It is also contradicted by the paragraph before.
Alois: This PR may be old - we need to merge and then make sure that it's in there
exactly the way we want it.
Alois: Is everyone on the same page with the wording now:

* If you sample: you set it to 1
* If you don't sample or defer you set it to 0

Victor: Makes sense. Though, there could be cases where samples=1 and something
downstream decided to downsample that.

Yuri: We should not use the term 'Recorded' because 'Sampled' is the industry term.
Agreed by Alois and Sergey. Tracked in a
[new issue](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/issues/265) now.

#### Phrasing of 'is provided by trace context propagation'

Sergey is not sure if this wording is semantically/grammatically correct.

Victor recommends: 'Trace context propagation passes along this unique identificaton'.
Will be changed.

#### Abstract wording: caused and effect events correlation too scoped down

Sergey: Introduction is missing and what we have no scoped down what we are doing.

Alois: Want to create a separate section. Alois will volunteer to provide this
description once the PR is merged.

Sergey: As it is now, it's hard t parse.

Alois will create separate PR

#### Notes / hints in the spec

Sergey is opposed to having notes about undecided issues in the spec.
It feels bad. He wants to keep specification clear.
A particular note 'should we restart the trace' will be removed.

#### Replace congo and rojo with foo and bar

Yuri volunteers to change it.

#### Implementations SHOULD create globally unique values

Alois: Valid - SHOULD need to be changed into MUST.
Tracked in [a new issue](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/issues/266).

Is it still a problem for NewRelic to create 16 byte values.
Matthew: It'sn't a problem.
Isobel: Also still on 8 byte.

Both: It's likely this will be changed before creating a workaround in the spec.

Overall opionion: If a system operates on 8 bytes they won't be able to handle
16 bytes and the spec should enforce 16 bytes and not propose way how to fill in
the not supported 8 bytes when creating a trace id.

### [PR trace-context/248](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/pull/248)

This is waiting on Alois' review - approved.

### [PR trace-context/256](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/pull/256)

Fix by plh. Ready to be merged.

### [PR trace-context/260](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/pull/260)

Alois will re-review.

### [PR trace-context/258](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/pull/258)

Nothing substantial. Just following requests by securiyt reviewers.
Needs more reviews.

### Processing model

Alois wants it in CR but don't want to hold back the process.

### Timing for CR

plh needs 7 days to start up CR process when we are ready.

Alois: Can we add detailed descriptions after CR. Doesn't change spec.
Is it fine doing that after CR?

plh: Editorial is not a big deal. If it's substantial this will re-trigger a call
for exclusions for IP purposes.

If CR is published on March 26th - publish recommendation by June 11 at the earliest.
A substantial change means 60 days.

Alois: Let's try to get most things done and request CR next meeting.
Emphasize on getting basic content in there.
Wording and grammar comes next.
Not having all substantial in there might cause problems.

### Correlation context

Let's discuss that in the next meeting.

### Demonstrate implementation

plh: We need to demonstrate implementation experiments.

We already have a test suite and there are implementations already (OpenCensus)
so we are good.
