# Meeting minutes 2019-02-26

## Attendees

* plh
* Sergey Kanzhelev
* Morgan McLean
* Isobel Redelmeier
* Matthew Wear
* Nik Molnar
* Yuri Shkuro
* Christoph Neum√ºller
* Daniel Khan

## Discussions: Issues and PRs
* [PR trace-context/246](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/pull/246):
  This PR is still considered as too large and hasn't be reviewed for that reason.
  Daniel will split it up into smaller PRs.

* [PR trace-context/248](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/pull/248):
  Approved by 2 reviewers.
  Requested new review from Alois to proceed on or close his change request.

* [Issue trace-context/237](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/issues/237):
  While there was some agreement that this section is rather verbose and parts
  may be a beter fit for the rationale, it was decided that this can be tackled
  after CR.
[
* [Issue trace-context/220](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/issues/220)
  Systems in forwarding mode have been covered in other issues.
  We might be able to close this. Re-assuring with Alois.
* [Issue trace-context/204](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/issues/204)
  Closed as this was clarified on the issue and does not require a change of spec.

* [Issue trace-context/194](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/issues/194)
We should be more precise on what 'invalid' means. Sergey will do a PR.

* [Issue trace-context/168](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/issues/168)
This will be fixed with a future PR. Will be tracked by Daniel.

## Merged
* [PR trace-context/231](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/pull/231):
  Glossary section
* [PR trace-context/255](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/pull/255):
  Remove protocol extensions
* [PR trace-context/223](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/pull/223):
  Update privacy statement for CR readiness
* [PR trace-context/253](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/pull/253):
  Improve test coverage for multiple requests scenario



## General
* Agreement that Sergey and plh will be editors for the newly created protocol
  registry documentation.
* Sergey would appreciate looks for volunteers to help with MQTT and AMQP specification
* plh asks if the tests should live in the same repo which might create
  a licensing issue. Other projects separate this but it varies quite a lot.
  One repo would be easier.
  plh will check with legal if we can have both licenses in one repo.
* Christoph asks if we have plans to create a vendor registry
  for registering the prefix used.
  It was agreed that this might be done at a later point in time but that it's not necessary at this stage.