# Meeting minutes 2019-06-04

## Attendees

- Hamidreza Jahtalabziabari
- Sergey Kanzhelev
- Morgan McLean
- Daniel Khan
- Matthew Wear
- Christoph Neumueller
- Isobel Redelmeier
- Dave Raffensperger
- Cristian Gonzales

Isobell: Update Tech Writing
Going to meet again next Friday
Limited capacity

[APA WG comment: fingerprinting of assistive technology users? · Issue #306 · w3c/trace-context · GitHub](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/issues/306)
Sergey: Privacy Concern
Daniel will address it

[Edit ‘Sampled Flag’ section to be more concise. · Issue #303 · w3c/trace-context · GitHub](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/issues/303)
Sergey will work on a smaller version
Informative section

[Should implementation propagate flag it doesn’t know about · Issue #296 · w3c/trace-context · GitHub](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/issues/296)
It’s about flags we haven’t specified
What should we do with flags we haven’t specified now

Sergey hopes that Alois has time to work on the multi graph pattern
He can help with that if needed.

Sergey:
As part of Open telemetry we were discussing correlation context.
Dynatrace has no real take on that
Let’s create an issue

No progress on binary or amp

Show publically a PSA for ID: Help article would help
Dave Raffensperger, Cristian Gonzales (Google)

Christoph: Nobody needs to be on that list
It’s just a way to avoid clashes
We should avoid the impression that it’s needed

Census-instrumentation/opencensus-web
Shares typescript types
Collects a trace to  
Hamid:
Safelisting of the header for cross origin
Next step is to create a proposal against the fetch specification
Posted a link on trace-context channel on slack

