# Meeting minutes 2019-02-12

## Attendees

* plh
* Morgan McLean
* Reiley Yang
* Ted Young
* Isobel Redelmeier
* Yuri Shkuro
* Victor Soares
* Zeke Rosenberg
* Matthew Wear
* Nik Molnar
* Christoph Neum√ºller
* Alois Reitbauer
* Daniel Khan

## Issues and PRs

* [Issue trace-context/247](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/issues/247)
  As suggested by plh, we will use an indirection through a meta document so that
  adding a new protocol doesn't require an update to the spec.

* [PR trace-context/222](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/pull/222)
  This PR contains the processing model and there are several discussions ongoing
  on it.
  It was agreed upon, that requested changes to get a more consistent wording
  (system vs. vendor, vs platform) can be postponed until after CR.
  It was suggested to create a glossary to define all terms and remove ambiguity
  then.

  * The processing model for starting and restarting got a new wording and should be
    clearer now. It was discussed that a system that restarts a trace should record
    the old traceparent. [See #252](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/issues/252).

  * Right now it is undefined if changing traceparent without changing tracestate
    is allowed and during the meeting there was no clear agreement on how to handle
    this. The discussion was postponed and moved into
    [issue #250](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/issues/250).
    and [a note was added to the spec.](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/commit/9345a1dbf859118d9c7ae6f105614ee3e808646d)

  * [Issue trace-context/251](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/issues/251)
    Right now, it's undefined if fowarding systems should parse headers.
    A proposed wording would be that a fowarding system MAY parse the headers and
    MAY drop if invalid.

* Discussion around using the IETF dictionary type for trace-state.
  As the IETF spec is not yet ready, we will for now stick with the list definition
  that we have right now. See [issue #197](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/issues/197).

* Disucssion around length limit and [PR #248](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/pull/248)
  This PR needs a language review and it should reflect the already agreed upon
  5 items with 128 bytes each limit we agreed upon already.

## General Remarks

* Before video recording started, Alois proposed the next face to face meeting for
  around KubeCon (May, Barcelona) and will send out an email.
* Next meeting will be on 2019-02-19 to speed up the process ahead of CR.
