# Meeting minutes 2019-04-23

## Attendees
* plh
* Alois Reitbauer
* Ted Young
* Matthew Wear
* Ted Young
* Sergey Kanzhelev
* Morgan McLean
* Daniel Khan

## Update CR process Philippe
Final vote still pending so it was decided to do this on the call:

### Vote on moving to CR

#### Agreed:
* Alois Reitbauer
* Ted Young
* Matthew Wear
* Ted Young
* Sergey Kanzhelev
* Morgan McLean
* Daniel Khan

#### Disagreed:
* None

## Issue cleanup
Closed issues several issues or moved them to PR.
No more issues for CR.

## Discuss processing model
Plh suggests to make processing model informative so there is no conflict.
Putting that section informative is to be safe.
Alois agrees to that - so the PR is editorial.

## Sergey on binary Protocols
* w3c/trace-context-binary
There is already work done and reviewed by Bogdan and Yuri
Sergey hopes for feedback and work on the issues

## Sergey on correlation context
w3c/correlation-context
Very early stage of spec

Alois: We should make a survey who is actually going to implement it
We have to check if it’s worth being a standard
Sergey will maybe send it to a public group

Alois: Privacy may be even better because it’s well defined.

Alois: Could be also put into abstract

Dynatrace might also have some use cases.

Matthew not 100% sure - security concerns

Alois: maybe add more use cases