# Meeting minutes 2019-07-30

## Attendees

* Matthew Wear
* Isobel Redelmeier
* plh
* Daniel Khan
* Morgan McLean

## Issues / PRs
* Merged editorial PRs
  * https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/pull/327
  * https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/pull/322
* Holding off on https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/pull/328 because a coworker of Isobel wants to review that.

## CR Status / Process
* https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/pull/318 introduced a change to the spec and we need to publish a revision.
Following the [W3C process](https://www.w3.org/2019/Process-20190301/#candidate-rec), a new Exclusion Opportunity is required
and we need to initialize this in early August.
This was agreed to by all attendees. plh is free to take the necessary steps.

## Joined blog post
Morgan wrote a blog post and offers that we publish it as a group.
Most probably each vendor will post it on their company blogs but medium could be an option as well.
September would be a good target as people are back from vacation and conference season is kicking off

## OpenTelemetry
Remaining time discussions dedicated to OpenTelemetry.
We need to brief the different SIGs because there is so ambiguity in how things are interpreted. 
Java and .NET are covered, there was some intro for Node/Browser by Daniel, Matthew will cover Ruby, Isobel will take care of Go.
Still, there are things that need to be solved on a spec level, like samplimg flag handling and what should go into trace state.
There should be an RFC on tag propagation. More to be discussed.
