# Meeting minutes 2019-05-07

## Attendees

- Hamidreza Jahtalabziabari
- Sergey Kanzhelev
- Morgan McLean
- Daniel Khan

## CR Status

Morgan will reach ut to plh to make sure the process gets started.

## Binary Protocols

Biggest question: two fields or one field big question.
Two would make more sense to separate concerns
Issue: [Use a single field instead of two](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context-binary/issues/7)
More input needed from more people.

We all believe that we need it we donâ€™t have enough people to discuss and approve it.
Similar as correlation context - we need more people here.

## Processing model

[PR](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context/pull/270)
Reviewed by Morgan. Maybe mentioning size restrictions would make sense.
Otherwise good to go.

## F2F Barcelona

Agenda for F2F meeting is in place and can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r_bNU-3ujw5J2WSYzHk8UUmp8G7uFc-IvO7350NxCis/edit?usp=sharing).
